TERMS AND CONDITIONS

(Last updated: January 2024)

1. INFORMATION ABOUT US
This platform is operated and owned by Twinleaf Limited whose registered address is Elsley Court, 20-22 Great Titchfield Street, London, W1W 8BE with registration number 15032941 (“we, us or our”).

2. THIRD PARTY CONTENT
This platform may include third party platform links and other third-party materials such as posts, comments, videos, images, files and other content such as user generated content. We are not responsible for this content. We may moderate or otherwise check such content in some instances, but we are not required to do so.

We are a mere conduit for the transmission, storage and retrieval of the relevant content. We do not intend to assess content for its legality, judgment or its compliance with these terms and conditions. A reporting system may be made available for these purposes, and you can let us know by contacting us at contact.twinleaf@gmail.com.

Where we make available the functionality for you to upload any content, including any user generated content, without limitation, posts, videos, images, text and other communications, comments or other content or files, you will ensure and undertake that the content:

is lawful and will not give rise to any actual or potential civil or criminal liability for you or us and does not promote unlawful or illegal activity (including without limitation in respect of the territory and local laws where you may upload such content)
does not infringe the rights of any third party, including without limitation their intellectual property or privacy rights
is not obscene, offensive, hateful, inflammatory or defamatory of any person
does not knowingly transmit any data that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware
does not harm or attempting to harm minors in any way
does not commercially market any third party, product or organisation
does not solicit, advocate, encourage or provoke directly or indirectly any of the foregoing or any breach of these terms and conditions.
3. LIABILITY
Any views expressed on the platform are the views of the authors of such views and not us, unless we expressly state otherwise.

The content you may access or download is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we hereby expressly exclude:

All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with the platform or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our platform, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it.

This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.